java ChainingHT < Dickens.txt > lab6results.txt (f=70%)

Test Hash Table with Chaining
construction time = 1342
load factor = 36.45
number of words = 69984
contains 'and' 187134 times
contains 'astonished' 223 times
contains 'boat' 505 times
contains 'carol' 14 times
contains 'city' 807 times
contains 'scrooge' 316 times
contains 'the' 262613 times
contains 'train' 329 times
contains 'wondered' 202 times
total running time = 1370

java ChainingHT < Dickens.txt >> lab6results.txt (f=90%)

Test Hash Table with Chaining
construction time = 1334
load factor = 72.9
number of words = 69984
contains 'and' 187134 times
contains 'astonished' 223 times
contains 'boat' 505 times
contains 'carol' 14 times
contains 'city' 807 times
contains 'scrooge' 316 times
contains 'the' 262613 times
contains 'train' 329 times
contains 'wondered' 202 times
total running time = 1361

java LinearProbingHT < Dickens.txt >> lab6results.txt (f=70%)

Test Hash Table with Linear Probing
construction time = 1380
load factor = 36.45
number of words = 69984
contains 'and' 187134 times
contains 'astonished' 223 times
contains 'boat' 505 times
contains 'carol' 14 times
contains 'city' 807 times
contains 'scrooge' 316 times
contains 'the' 262613 times
contains 'train' 329 times
contains 'wondered' 202 times
total running time = 1408

java LinearProbingHT < Dickens.txt >> lab6results.txt (f=90%)

Test Hash Table with Linear Probing
construction time = 1397
load factor = 72.9
number of words = 69984
contains 'and' 187134 times
contains 'astonished' 223 times
contains 'boat' 505 times
contains 'carol' 14 times
contains 'city' 807 times
contains 'scrooge' 316 times
contains 'the' 262613 times
contains 'train' 329 times
contains 'wondered' 202 times
total running time = 1428
